 I. Introduction
A. Overview of the Proposal
The agencies are proposing a comprehensive set of revisions to the capital rule. 
B. Use of Internal Models Under the
Proposed Framework
The agencies are proposing to revise the capital rule to allow banking organizations to use internal models to calculate their risk-weighted assets for credit risk, operational risk, and market risk. 

II. Scope of Application
The proposed rule would apply to all banking organizations with total consolidated assets of $100 billion or more. 

III. Proposed Changes to the Capital Rule
A. Calculation of Capital Ratios and
Application of Buffer Requirements
1. Standardized Output Floor
The agencies are proposing to establish a standardized output floor that would limit the amount of risk-weighted assets that a banking organization can calculate using internal models. 
2. Stress Capital Buffer Requirement
The agencies are proposing to require banking organizations to hold a stress capital buffer that would be used to absorb losses in the event of a severe economic downturn. 

B. Definition of Capital
1. Accumulated Other Comprehensive
Income
The agencies are proposing to exclude accumulated other comprehensive income (AOCI) from tier 1 capital. 
2. Regulatory Capital Deductions
The agencies are proposing to revise the regulatory capital deductions framework to make it more risk-sensitive. 
3. Additional Definition of Capital
Adjustments
The agencies are proposing to make a number of additional changes to the definition of capital, including:
 - Revising the definition of goodwill to exclude goodwill associated with certain nonfinancial assets;
 - Revising the definition of mortgage servicing rights to exclude servicing rights associated with certain non-performing loans; and
 - Revising the definition of deferred tax assets to exclude deferred tax assets associated with certain non-performing loans. 
4. Changes to the Definition of Tier 2
Capital Applicable to Large Banking
Organizations
The agencies are proposing to revise the definition of tier 2 capital applicable to large banking organizations to make it more risk-sensitive. 

C. Credit Risk
1. Due Diligence
The agencies are proposing to require banking organizations to conduct due diligence on all exposures to counterparties. 
2. Proposed Risk Weights for Credit Risk
The agencies are proposing to revise the risk weights for credit risk to make them more risk-sensitive. 
3. Off-Balance Sheet Exposures
The agencies are proposing to revise the capital treatment of off-balance sheet exposures to make it more risk-sensitive. 
4. Derivatives
The agencies are proposing to revise the capital treatment of derivatives to make it more risk-sensitive. 
5. Credit Risk Mitigation
The agencies are proposing to revise the capital treatment of credit risk mitigation techniques to make it more risk-sensitive. 

D. Securitization Framework
1. Operational Requirements
The agencies are proposing to require banking organizations to have robust operational processes in place to manage their securitization exposures. 
2. Securitization Standardized Approach
(SEC–SA)
The agencies are proposing to revise the SEC-SA to make it more risk-sensitive. 
3. Exceptions to the SEC–SA Risk-Based
Capital Treatment for Securitization
Exposures
The agencies are proposing to provide exceptions to the SEC-SA risk-based capital treatment for certain securitization exposures. 
4. Credit Risk Mitigation for Securitization
Exposures
The agencies are proposing to revise the capital treatment of credit risk mitigation techniques for securitization exposures to make it more risk-sensitive. 

E. Equity Exposures
1. Risk-Weighted Asset Amount
The agencies are proposing to revise the risk-weighted asset amount for equity exposures to make it more risk-sensitive. 

F. Operational Risk
1. Business Indicator
The agencies are proposing to revise the business indicator to make it more risk-sensitive. 
2. Business Indicator Component
The agencies are proposing to revise the business indicator component to make it more risk-sensitive. 
3. Internal Loss Multiplier
The agencies are proposing to revise the internal loss multiplier to make it more risk-sensitive. 
4. Operational Risk Management and Data
Collection Requirements
The agencies are proposing to require banking organizations to have robust operational risk management and data collection processes in place. 

G. Disclosure Requirements
1. Proposed Disclosure Requirements
The agencies are proposing to require banking organizations to make enhanced disclosures about their risk profiles. 
2. Specific Public Disclosure Requirements
The agencies are proposing to require banking organizations to make specific public disclosures about their risk profiles. 

H. Market Risk
1. Background
The agencies are proposing to revise the market risk capital rule to make it more risk-sensitive. 
2. Scope and Application of the Proposed
Rule
The proposed rule would apply to all banking organizations with total consolidated assets of $100 billion or more. 
3. Market Risk Covered Position
The agencies are proposing to revise the definition of a market risk covered position to make it more risk-sensitive. 
4. Internal Risk Transfers
The agencies are proposing to revise the capital treatment of internal risk transfers to make it more risk-sensitive. 
5. General Requirements for Market Risk
The agencies are proposing to require banking organizations to have robust market risk management processes in place. 
6. Measure for Market Risk
The agencies are proposing to revise the measure for market risk to make it more risk-sensitive. 
7. Standardized Measure for Market Risk
The agencies are proposing to revise the standardized measure for market risk to make it more risk-sensitive. 
8. Models-Based Measure for Market Risk
The agencies are proposing to revise the models-based measure for market risk to make it more risk-sensitive. 
9. Treatment of Certain Market Risk
Covered Positions
The agencies are proposing to revise the capital treatment of certain market risk covered positions to make it more risk-sensitive. 
10. Reporting and Disclosure Requirements
The agencies are proposing to require banking organizations to make enhanced reporting and disclosure about their market risk profiles. 
11. Technical Amendments
The agencies are proposing to make a number of technical amendments to the market risk capital rule. 

I. Credit Valuation Adjustment Risk
1. Background
The agencies are proposing to revise the CVA risk capital rule to make it more risk-sensitive. 
2. Scope of Application
The proposed rule would apply to all banking organizations with total consolidated assets of $100 billion or more. 
3. CVA Risk Covered Positions and CVA
Hedges
The agencies are proposing to revise the definition of a CVA risk covered position and a CVA hedge to make them more risk-sensitive. 
4. General Risk Management Requirements
The agencies are proposing to require banking organizations to have robust CVA risk management processes in place. 
5. Measure for CVA Risk
The agencies are proposing to revise the measure for CVA risk to make it more risk-sensitive. 

IV. Transition Provisions
A. Transitions for Expanded Total Risk-
Weighted Assets
The agencies are proposing to provide transition provisions for banking organizations to adjust to the new expanded total risk-weighted assets definition. 
B. AOCI Regulatory Capital Adjustments
The agencies are proposing to provide transition provisions for banking organizations to adjust to the new AOCI regulatory capital adjustments. 

V. Impact and Economic Analysis
A. Scope and Data
The agencies analyzed the impact of the proposed rule on a sample of large banking organizations. 
B. Impact on Risk-Weighted Assets and
Capital Requirements
The agencies found that the proposed rule would increase risk-weighted assets and capital requirements for the banking organizations in the sample. 
C. Economic Impact on Lending Activity
The agencies found that the proposed rule would have a small negative impact on lending activity. 
D. Economic Impact on Trading Activity
The agencies found that the proposed rule would have a small negative impact on trading activity. 
E. Additional Impact Considerations
The agencies considered a number of additional impact factors, including the impact on small businesses, the impact on community development, and the impact on the global financial system. 

VI. Technical Amendments to the Capital
Rule
A. Additional OCC Technical Amendments
The OCC is proposing to make a number of additional technical amendments to the capital rule. 
B. Additional FDIC Technical
Amendments
The FDIC is proposing to make a number of additional technical amendments to the capital rule. 

VII. Proposed Amendments to Related Rules
and Related Proposals
A. OCC Amendments
The OCC is proposing to amend its regulations to implement the proposed rule. 
B. Board Amendments
The Board is proposing to amend its regulations to implement the proposed rule. 
C. Related Proposals
The agencies are proposing to issue a number of related proposals to implement the proposed rule. 

VIII. Administrative Law Matters
A. Paperwork Reduction Act
The agencies are requesting approval from the Office of Management and Budget (OMB) for the collection of information required by the proposed rule. 
B. Regulatory Flexibility Act
The agencies have determined that the proposed rule would not have a significant economic impact on a substantial number of small entities. 
C. Plain Language
The agencies have written the proposed rule in plain language to make it easier for the public to understand. 
D. Riegle Community Development and
Regulatory Improvement Act of 1994
The agencies have determined that the proposed rule would not have a significant adverse effect on the availability of credit to low- and moderate-income communities. 
E. OCC Unfunded Mandates Reform Act of
1995 Determination
The OCC has determined that the proposed rule would not impose any significant costs on state, local, or tribal governments. 
F. Providing Accountability Through
Transparency Act of 2023
The agencies are providing notice of the proposed rule in accordance with the Providing Accountability Through Transparency Act of 2023.