 I. Introduction
A. Overview of the Proposal
The agencies propose a comprehensive set of revisions to the capital rule. The proposal would strengthen risk-based capital requirements for large banking organizations by improving their comprehensiveness and risk sensitivity. It also includes a number of technical amendments to the capital rule. 

B. Use of Internal Models Under the
Proposed Framework
The agencies propose to allow banking organizations to use internal models to calculate risk-based capital requirements for certain exposures. 

II. Scope of Application
The proposal applies to large banking organizations with more than $100 billion in total consolidated assets or $50 billion in total on-balance sheet foreign exposure. 

III. Proposed Changes to the Capital Rule
A. Calculation of Capital Ratios and
Application of Buffer Requirements
1. Standardized Output Floor
The proposal would establish a standardized output floor that would apply to all banking organizations. The floor would be set at 75% of the risk-based capital requirement calculated under the standardized approach. 

2. Stress Capital Buffer Requirement
The proposal would increase the stress capital buffer requirement from 2.5% to 3.5%. 

B. Definition of Capital
1. Accumulated Other Comprehensive
Income
The proposal would exclude accumulated other comprehensive income (AOCI) from Tier 1 capital. 

2. Regulatory Capital Deductions
The proposal would revise the regulatory capital deductions framework. 

3. Additional Definition of Capital
Adjustments
The proposal would make a number of additional changes to the definition of capital. 

4. Changes to the Definition of Tier 2
Capital Applicable to Large Banking
Organizations
The proposal would make changes to the definition of Tier 2 capital applicable to large banking organizations. 

C. Credit Risk
1. Due Diligence
The proposal would require banking organizations to conduct due diligence on all exposures. 

2. Proposed Risk Weights for Credit Risk
The proposal would revise the risk weights for credit risk. 

3. Off-Balance Sheet Exposures
The proposal would revise the capital treatment of off-balance sheet exposures. 

4. Derivatives
The proposal would revise the capital treatment of derivatives. 

5. Credit Risk Mitigation
The proposal would revise the capital treatment of credit risk mitigation. 

D. Securitization Framework
1. Operational Requirements
The proposal would revise the operational requirements for securitization. 

2. Securitization Standardized Approach
(SEC–SA)
The proposal would revise the SEC-SA. 

3. Exceptions to the SEC–SA Risk-Based
Capital Treatment for Securitization
Exposures
The proposal would make exceptions to the SEC-SA risk-based capital treatment for securitization exposures. 

4. Credit Risk Mitigation for Securitization
Exposures
The proposal would revise the capital treatment of credit risk mitigation for securitization exposures. 

E. Equity Exposures
1. Risk-Weighted Asset Amount
The proposal would revise the risk-weighted asset amount for equity exposures. 

F. Operational Risk
1. Business Indicator
The proposal would revise the business indicator. 

2. Business Indicator Component
The proposal would revise the business indicator component. 

3. Internal Loss Multiplier
The proposal would revise the internal loss multiplier. 

4. Operational Risk Management and Data
Collection Requirements
The proposal would revise the operational risk management and data collection requirements. 

G. Disclosure Requirements
1. Proposed Disclosure Requirements
The proposal would revise the disclosure requirements. 

2. Specific Public Disclosure Requirements
The proposal would make specific public disclosure requirements. 

H. Market Risk
1. Background
The proposal would revise the market risk framework. 

2. Scope and Application of the Proposed
Rule
The proposal would revise the scope and application of the market risk rule. 

3. Market Risk Covered Position
The proposal would define market risk covered positions. 

4. Internal Risk Transfers
The proposal would address internal risk transfers. 

5. General Requirements for Market Risk
The proposal would establish general requirements for market risk. 

6. Measure for Market Risk
The proposal would establish a measure for market risk. 

7. Standardized Measure for Market Risk
The proposal would establish a standardized measure for market risk. 

8. Models-Based Measure for Market Risk
The proposal would establish a models-based measure for market risk. 

9. Treatment of Certain Market Risk
Covered Positions
The proposal would address the treatment of certain market risk covered positions. 

10. Reporting and Disclosure Requirements
The proposal would establish reporting and disclosure requirements for market risk. 

11. Technical Amendments
The proposal would make technical amendments to the market risk rule. 

I. Credit Valuation Adjustment Risk
1. Background
The proposal would revise the CVA risk framework. 

2. Scope of Application
The proposal would revise the scope and application of the CVA risk rule. 

3. CVA Risk Covered Positions and CVA
Hedges
The proposal would define CVA risk covered positions and CVA hedges. 

4. General Risk Management Requirements
The proposal would establish general risk management requirements for CVA risk. 

5. Measure for CVA Risk
The proposal would establish a measure for CVA risk. 

IV. Transition Provisions
A. Transitions for Expanded Total Risk-Weighted Assets
The proposal would provide transition provisions for expanded total risk-weighted assets. 

B. AOCI Regulatory Capital Adjustments
The proposal would provide transition provisions for AOCI regulatory capital adjustments. 

V. Impact and Economic Analysis
A. Scope and Data
The proposal would provide an impact and economic analysis. 

B. Impact on Risk-Weighted Assets and
Capital Requirements
The proposal would provide an impact on risk-weighted assets and capital requirements. 

C. Economic Impact on Lending Activity
The proposal would provide an economic impact on lending activity. 

D. Economic Impact on Trading Activity
The proposal would provide an economic impact on trading activity. 

E. Additional Impact Considerations
The proposal would provide additional impact considerations. 

VI. Technical Amendments to the Capital
Rule
A. Additional OCC Technical Amendments
The proposal would make additional OCC technical amendments. 

B. Additional FDIC Technical
Amendments
The proposal would make additional FDIC technical amendments. 

VII. Proposed Amendments to Related Rules
and Related Proposals
A. OCC Amendments
The proposal would make OCC amendments. 

B. Board Amendments
The proposal would make Board amendments. 

C. Related Proposals
The proposal would make related proposals. 

VIII. Administrative Law Matters
A. Paperwork Reduction Act
The proposal would comply with the Paperwork Reduction Act. 

B. Regulatory Flexibility Act
The proposal would comply with the Regulatory Flexibility Act. 

C. Plain Language
The proposal would be written in plain language. 

D. Riegle Community Development and
Regulatory Improvement Act of 1994
The proposal would comply with the Riegle Community Development and Regulatory Improvement Act of 1994. 

E. OCC Unfunded Mandates Reform Act of
1995 Determination
The proposal would comply with the OCC Unfunded Mandates Reform Act of 1995. 

F. Providing Accountability Through
Transparency Act of 2023
The proposal would comply with the Providing Accountability Through Transparency Act of 2023.