 SENSITIVITIES-BASED CAPITAL REQUIREMENT 

The sensitivities-based capital requirement is calculated for each risk class by aggregating the bucket-level risk positions for delta risk, vega risk, and curvature risk. 

DELTA, VEGA, AND CURVATURE DEFINITIONS 

Delta sensitivities measure the change in the value of a market risk covered position for a one basis point change in the relevant risk factor. 

Vega sensitivities measure the change in the value of a market risk covered position for a one percentage point change in the volatility of the option. 

Curvature scenarios measure the change in the value of a market risk covered position for a given change in the relevant risk factor. 

SENSITIVITIES-BASED CAPITAL REQUIREMENT CALCULATION 

The sensitivities-based capital requirement equals the largest capital requirement produced under three correlation scenarios. 

MODEL INPUTS 

A [BANKING ORGANIZATION] must calculate delta and vega sensitivities and curvature scenarios with respect to the spread of the tranche rather than the spread of the underlying position for securitization positions non-CTP and with respect to the underlying names of the securitization position or nth-to-default position for correlation trading positions. 

Vega risk factors for interest rate risk are defined for each currency and consist of: 

Implied volatilities of inflation rate risk-sensitive options 

Implied volatilities of cross-currency basis risk-sensitive options 

Implied volatilities of interest rate risk-sensitive options 

For interest rate risk, a banking organization must map the implied volatility of the option to one or more tenors specified in the risk factors definitions. 

A banking organization must assign market risk covered positions that are options or positions with embedded options that do not have a maturity to the longest prescribed maturity tenor. 

CREDIT SPREAD, EQUITY, COMMODITY, AND FOREIGN EXCHANGE RISK 

For credit spread risk, delta, vega, and curvature risk factors are defined for each credit spread curve. 

For equity risk, delta, vega, and curvature risk factors are defined for each issuer. 

For commodity risk, delta, vega, and curvature risk factors are defined for each commodity and maturity. 

For foreign exchange risk, delta, vega, and curvature risk factors are defined for each currency pair and maturity. 

CREDIT SPREAD RISK 

For credit spread risk for non-securitizations, a [BANKING ORGANIZATION] must establish 19 delta buckets along two dimensions: credit quality and sector. 

For credit spread risk for correlation trading positions, a [BANKING ORGANIZATION] must establish buckets along two dimensions: credit quality and sector. 

For calculating risk weighted delta sensitivities for credit spread risk for correlation trading positions, a [BANKING ORGANIZATION] must use the risk weights in Table 5 of this section. 

For purposes of aggregating risk weighted delta sensitivities of credit spread risk for correlation trading positions within a bucket, a [BANKING ORGANIZATION] must use the correlation parameters in the regulation. 

For purposes of aggregating delta bucket-level risk positions across buckets within the credit spread risk for correlation trading positions risk class, a [BANKING ORGANIZATION] must calculate the cross-bucket correlation parameter Ybc as specified in the regulation. 

SECURITIZATION POSITIONS NON-CTP 

The table in section 7 of this section specifies delta buckets, risk weights, and correlations for credit spread risk for securitization positions non-CTP. 

For equity risk, section 8 of this section specifies delta buckets, risk weights, and correlations. 

A banking organization must establish buckets along two dimensions, credit quality and sector, for credit spread risk for securitization positions non-CTP. 

A banking organization must establish buckets along three dimensions, market capitalization, economy and sector, for equity risk. 

For purposes of aggregating delta bucket-level risk positions across buckets within the credit spread risk for securitization positions non-CTP risk class as specified in ยง 206(b)(3), the cross-bucket correlation parameter Ybc equals zero percent. 

EQUITY RISK 

Delta sensitivities are assigned to different buckets based on the type of risk (equity, commodity, or foreign exchange), and the risk weight for each bucket is specified. 

For equity risk, delta sensitivities are further categorized into 13 buckets based on market capitalization and liquidity, and the correlation between delta sensitivities within a bucket is determined based on the Pkl parameter. 

COMMODITY RISK 

For commodity risk, delta sensitivities are assigned to 11 buckets based on the commodity type, and the correlation between delta sensitivities within a bucket is determined using the Pkl parameter and the intra-bucket correlation parameters from Table 10. 

FOREIGN EXCHANGE RISK 

For foreign exchange risk, delta sensitivities are assigned to buckets based on the exchange rate between the currency of the market risk covered position and the reporting currency, and the correlation between delta sensitivities within a bucket is determined using the Pkl parameter. 

The cross-bucket correlation parameter Ybc is used to aggregate delta bucket-level risk positions across buckets within a risk class. 

FOREIGN EXCHANGE RISK CALCULATION 

The risk-weighted delta sensitivities for foreign exchange risk are calculated by applying a risk weight of 15%, except for certain currency pairs where the risk weight can be divided by the square root of 2. 

For aggregating delta bucket-level risk positions across buckets within the foreign exchange risk class, the cross-bucket correlation parameter is set at 60%. 

Vega risk weights are specified for each risk class, and vega bucket-level risk positions are aggregated within a bucket using specified correlation parameters. 

For aggregating vega bucket-level risk positions across different buckets within a risk class, the same cross-bucket correlation parameters as specified for delta risk are used. 

The curvature risk weights for foreign exchange risk and equity risk are based on the delta risk weights, while for interest rate risk and other risk classes, the curvature risk weights are based on the highest prescribed delta risk weight for each bucket. 

CREDIT RISK 

For purposes of calculating the standardized total risk-weighted assets for securitization exposures, the banking organization must multiply the corresponding risk weight for the exposure by 8%. 

Non-tranched hedges of correlation trading positions use the same risk weights as non-securitization debt or equity positions, excluding them from the standardized default risk capital requirement. 

The residual risk add-on is calculated for market risk covered positions that have an exotic exposure, are correlation trading positions with three or more underlying exposures, are subject to the curvature capital requirement or vega capital requirements, are options or positions with embedded options that do not have a maturity or strike price, or are determined by the [AGENCY] to require the add-on. 

The residual risk add-on is calculated by multiplying the sum of the gross effective notional amounts of market risk covered positions by the prescribed risk weight. 

MODELS-BASED MEASURE 

To use the models-based measure for market risk, a [BANKING ORGANIZATION] must have at least one model-eligible trading desk and receive prior written approval from the [AGENCY]. 

BACKTESTING AND PLA TESTING 

A model-eligible trading desk must conduct backtesting and PLA testing quarterly. 

Backtesting compares actual and hypothetical profit and loss with the VaR-based measure. 

PLA testing measures the potential impact of stressed market conditions on the trading desk. 

The trading desk must provide 250 business days of backtesting and PLA test results to the regulator. 

The regulator may rescind approval of a model-eligible trading desk if it no longer complies with the requirements. 

PLA TEST EXCEPTIONS 

A backtesting exception occurs when the actual daily profit or loss or hypothetical daily profit or loss at a given percentile exceeds the VaR-based measure for that day. 

A trading desk becomes model ineligible if it experiences more than 12 exceptions for actual profit and loss or 12 exceptions for hypothetical profit and loss at the 99th percentile or 30 exceptions for actual profit and loss or 30 exceptions for hypothetical profit and loss at the 97.5th percentile in the most recent 250 business day period. 

A trading desk that becomes model ineligible can regain eligibility by producing results in the PLA test green zone or PLA test amber zone and experiencing 12 or fewer exceptions for actual profit and loss and 12 exceptions for hypothetical profit and loss at the 99th percentile and 30 exceptions for actual profit and loss and 30 exceptions for hypothetical profit and loss at the 97.5th percentile in the most recent 250 business day period. 

At the trading desk level, the PLA test compares each of the trading desk's most recent 250 business days' hypothetical profit and loss with the 

The [AGENCY] may require a [BANKING ORGANIZATION] to identify the PLA test zone of a trading desk's PLA test results as a different PLA test zone. 

A trading desk that produces results in the PLA test amber or red zone is subject to the PLA add-on or becomes a model-ineligible trading desk, respectively. 

A model-ineligible trading desk can regain eligibility by meeting certain conditions. 

The PLA add-on is calculated as a function of the standardized approach capital requirement for market risk covered positions. 

IDENTIFYING RISK FACTORS 

A [BANKING ORGANIZATION] must identify an appropriate set of risk factors for calculating capital measures, including modellable and non-modellable risk factors. 

ES-BASED MEASURE 

The ES-based measure is calculated for each business day at the trading desk level, at the aggregate level, and on the aggregate for each risk class for all model-eligible trading desks. 

The ES-based measure is calculated using a one-tail, 97.5th percentile confidence level. 

A liquidity horizon-adjusted ES-based measure is calculated from an ES-based measure at a base liquidity horizon of 10 days, with scaling applied to this base horizon result. 

The aggregate capital measure for modellable risk factors (IMCC) is the sum of the ES-based measure and the aggregate capital measure for non-modellable risk factors (SES). 

The non-default risk capital measure is the sum of the IMCC and the SES. 

LIQUIDITY HORIZON 

The liquidity horizon is the period over which a [BANKING ORGANIZATION] measures the change in the risk factors. 

The liquidity horizon is determined by the type of risk factor and the maturity of the market risk covered position. 

A [BANKING ORGANIZATION] must update its input data for internal models used to calculate the ES-based measure no less frequently than quarterly. 

Internal models used to calculate the ES-based measure must address non-linearities, as well as correlation and relevant basis risks. 

A [BANKING ORGANIZATION] must consistently assign a liquidity horizon to each of its risk factors and map each of its risk factors to one of the risk factor categories and corresponding liquidity horizons in Table 2 of this section. 

AGGREGATE CAPITAL MEASURE FOR MODELLABLE RISK FACTORS 

A [BANKING ORGANIZATION] must calculate an aggregate capital measure for modellable risk factors, IMCC, on each business day. 

The [BANKING ORGANIZATION] must also calculate a series of partial liquidity horizon-adjusted ES-based measures (with risk factors of all other risk factor classes held constant) for each risk factor class. 

The aggregate capital measure for modellable risk factors, IMCC, must be calculated as the weighted average of the constrained and unconstrained ES-based measures. 

A [BANKING ORGANIZATION] must calculate an aggregate capital measure for non-modellable risk factors, SES, using stressed expected shortfall methodologies. 

PUBLIC DISCLOSURES 

A [BANKING ORGANIZATION] must make timely public reports and disclosures each calendar quarter. 

The board of directors and senior management must ensure that appropriate verification of the reports and disclosures takes place and that effective internal controls and reporting and disclosure controls and procedures are maintained. 

If a [BANKING ORGANIZATION] reasonably believes that reporting or disclosure of specific commercial or financial information would materially prejudice its position by making public certain information that is either proprietary or confidential in nature, the [BANKING ORGANIZATION] is not required to publicly report or disclose these specific items. 

A [BANKING ORGANIZATION] must either provide all of the public reports and disclosures required by this section in one place on the [BANKING ORGANIZATION]'s public website or provide the reporting and disclosures in more than one public financial report or other public regulatory reports. 

A [BANKING ORGANIZATION] must disclose publicly the following information at least quarterly: 

The aggregate amount of CVA risk-weighted assets 

The CVA risk-weighted assets for each risk class 

The CVA risk-weighted assets for each counterparty 

The CVA risk-weighted assets for each type of CVA risk exposure 

The CVA risk-weighted assets for each type of CVA risk hedge 

The CVA risk-weighted assets for each type of CVA risk exposure that is not hedged 

The CVA risk-weighted assets for each type of CVA risk hedge that is not effective 

The CVA risk-weighted assets for each type of CVA risk exposure that is not effectively hedged 

The CVA risk-weighted assets for each type of CVA risk hedge that is not effective and is not hedged 

The CVA risk-weighted assets for each type of CVA risk exposure that is not effectively hedged and is not hedged by a CVA risk hedge that is not effective 

The CVA risk-weighted assets for each type of CVA risk exposure that is not effectively hedged and is not hedged by a CVA risk hedge that is not effective and is not hedged 

The CVA risk-weighted assets for each type of CVA risk exposure that is not effectively hedged and is not hedged by a CVA risk hedge that is not effective and is not hedged by a CVA risk hedge that is not effective and is not hedged 

The CVA risk-weighted assets for each type of CVA risk exposure that is not effectively hedged and is not hedged by a CVA risk hedge that is not effective and is not hedged by a CVA risk hedge that is not effective and is not hedged by a CVA risk hedge that is not effective and is not hedged 

The CVA risk-weighted assets for each type of CVA risk exposure that is not effectively hedged and is not hedged by a CVA risk hedge that is not effective and is not hedged by a CVA risk hedge that is not effective and is not hedged by a CVA risk hedge that is not effective and is not hedged by a CVA risk hedge that is not effective and is not hedged by a CVA risk hedge that is not effective and is not hedged 

The CVA risk-weighted assets for each type of CVA risk exposure that is not effectively hedged and is not hedged by a CVA risk hedge that is not effective and is not hedged by a CVA risk hedge that is not effective and is not hedged by a CVA risk hedge that is not effective and is not hedged by a CVA risk hedge that is not effective and is not hedged by a CVA risk hedge that is not effective and is not hedged by a CVA risk hedge that is not effective and is not hedged by a CVA risk hedge that is not effective and is not hedged by a CVA risk hedge that is not effective and is not hedged by a CVA risk hedge that is not effective and is not hedged by a CVA risk hedge that is not effective and is not hedged by a CVA risk hedge that is not effective and is not hedged by a CVA risk hedge that is not effective and is not hedged by a CVA risk hedge that is not effective and is not hedged by a CVA risk hedge that is not effective and is not hedged by a CVA risk hedge that is not effective and is not hedged by a CVA risk hedge that is not effective and is not hedged by a CVA risk hedge that is not effective and is not hedged by a CVA risk hedge that is not effective and is not hedged by a CVA risk hedge that is not effective and is not hedged by a CVA risk hedge that is not effective and is not hedged by a CVA risk hedge that is not effective and is not hedged by a CVA risk hedge that is not effective and is not hedged by a CVA risk hedge that is not effective and is not hedged by a CVA risk hedge that is not effective and is not hedged by a CVA risk hedge that is not effective and is not hedged by a CVA risk hedge that is not effective and is not hedged by a CVA risk hedge that is not effective and is not hedged by a CVA risk hedge that is not effective and is not hedged by a CVA risk hedge that is not effective and is not hedged by a CVA risk hedge that is not effective and is not hedged by a CVA risk hedge that is not effective and is not hedged by a CVA risk hedge that is not effective and is not hedged by a CVA risk hedge that is not effective and is not hedged by a CVA risk hedge that is not effective and is not hedged by a CVA risk hedge that is not effective and is not hedged by a CVA risk hedge that is not effective and is not hedged by a CVA risk hedge that is not effective and is not hedged by a CVA risk hedge that is not effective and is not hedged by a CVA risk hedge that is not effective and is not hedged by a CVA risk hedge that is not effective and is not hedged by a CVA risk hedge that is not effective and is not hedged by a CVA risk hedge that is not effective and is not hedged by a CVA risk hedge that is not effective and is not hedged by a CVA risk hedge that is not effective and is not hedged by a CVA risk hedge that is not effective and is not hedged by a CVA risk hedge that is not effective and is not hedged by a CVA risk hedge that is not effective and is not hedged by a CVA risk hedge that is not effective and is not hedged by a CVA risk hedge that is not effective and is not hedged by a CVA risk hedge that is not effective and is not hedged by a CVA risk hedge that is not effective and is not hedged by a CVA risk hedge that is not effective and is not hedged by a CVA risk hedge that is not effective and is not hedged by a CVA risk hedge that is not effective and is not hedged by a CVA risk hedge that is not effective and is not hedged by a CVA risk hedge that is not effective and is not hedged by a CVA risk hedge that is not effective and is not hedged by a CVA risk hedge that is not effective and is not hedged by a CVA risk hedge that is not effective and is not hedged by a CVA risk hedge that is not effective and is not hedged by a CVA risk hedge that is not effective and is not hedged by a CVA risk hedge that is not effective and is not hedged by a CVA risk hedge that